add ttl-after-finished controller (#1996)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/userguide/configure-controllers.md

- [service account token controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/service-accounts-admin/#token-controller)
- [service account tokens](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#service-account-tokens)

#### ttl-after-finished

The `ttl-after-finished` controller runs as part of `kube-controller-manager`.

> It watches `Job` update and limit the lifetime of finished `Jobs`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It watches `Job` updates and limits the lifetime of finished `Jobs`. 
```

Reviewer: A small final touch :D
